Hello to I know I know I know the last two videos were kind of long very Tagen and goal.
If you weren't familiar with javascript maybe they were a little bit tougher.
But the point was the process of solving a problem in a coding interview and over here I've created
a little playground for you.
You remember the Google interview video that I made you watch.
Well I've implemented the solution that the interviewee created and here we have the naive solution
which is the nested for loops and then a better solution that uses just one for loop at the expense
of creating something in javascript called new set.
I left this here for you for you to play around with.
And if you want coded in your own language but I wanted to challenge you to see if he can implement
this on your own just like the person in the Google interview did in your own language the naive approach
and then the better approach and try to follow the steps as you code along.
Even though you already know the answer even though you have watched the interview video by practicing
the steps and how you go from the naive to the better solution by following these steps you're going
to improve that being muscle.
All right I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.